Ahora verás una historia con las acciones
que acabas de aprender.
La vas a practicar, vas a escuchar, leerás.
Después debes paus paus pausar el video
para leerlo nuevamente.
Buena suerte!
She does puzzles now.
She did one yesterday and has done three
this week.
Sarah goes to the park often.
She went there last weekend and has gone
there every day this week.
She gets excited about nature.
She got a new plant yesterday and has
gotten interested in gardening.
Sarah makes time for her hobbies.
She made a schedule last month and has
made good progress.
She takes photos of her plants.
She took a beautiful picture yesterday
and has taken many since then.
Her friend comes to visit sometimes.
He came last week and has come twice this month.
They see each other regularly.
They saw a movie together recently and
have seen many interesting plants in the park.